%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
For details, please refer to Cheng, C. F., & Chang, Y. N. (2024) Investigating the effects of semantic radical consistency in Chinese character naming with a corpus-based measure. Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition. 
Created by Chia-Fang Cheng, 18 Nov 2024
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%


# Table of contents

- [R files](#R-files)
  - [Acc_analysis.R](#Acc_analysis.R)
  - [RT_analysis.R](#RT_analysis.R)
- [Data for R files](#Data-for-R-files)
  - [S1-S40_Acc.csv](#S1-S40_Acc.csv)
  - [S1-S40_RT.csv](#S1-S40_RT.csv)
- [Semantic_Transparency.txt](#Semantic_Transparency.txt)
- [Stimuli](#Stimuli)


# R files

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)
To evaluate the feasibility of the semantic transparency level generated by our corpus-based method, we recruited 40 participants to conduct a word naming task. The following R scripts are files used to perform ANOVA analyses.

### Acc_analysis.R

This file is the R script for the accuracy analysis. Please feed in the S1-S40_Acc.csv file to perform ANOVA analyses on word naming accuracy. 

### RT_analysis.R

This file is the R script for the naming reaction time analysis. Please feed in the S1-S40_RT.csv file to perform ANOVA analyses on word naming RT. 


# Data for R files

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

### S1-S40_Acc.csv

This is the data for the word naming accuracy analysis. This csv file includes the accuracy rates, RT and other manipulated factors regarding Chinese word reading collected from 40 participants.

### S1-S40_RT.csv

This is the data for the word naming RT analysis. This csv file includes the RT and other manipulated factors regarding Chinese word reading from 40 participants. Error responses were removed.

# Semantic_Transparency.txt

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

This text file includes the Semantic Radical Consistency values (SRC values) of 3449 words generated from our corpus-based approach.

# Stimuli

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

The "word_list_variables.xlsx" file contains the Chinese characters that were used as stimuli in our word naming task. The psycholinguistic factors of each stimulus are also included.
